Add blog post for sprint 123 (#370)
openSUSE/obs-landing: _posts/development/2022-08-12-request-workflow-redesign.md

---
layout: post

> title: BsRequest Workflow Redesign

Reviewer: `BsRequest` is an internal concept, something users might not know about.

I wouldn't use "workflow" either, we already use that word a lot when talking about SCM/CI integration.

What about?

```suggestion
title: Request Page Redesign
```

Author: Done.

category: development
---

> We are continuously trying to improve OBS and finding new ways to improve the efficiency of our users. Keeping this in mind, we are back with the updates in the BsRequest workflow. There is still a long way to go but expect to see many more updates in the coming weeks. Without further ado, let's discuss the new updated we have made.

Reviewer: Redundant `improve`.

```suggestion
We are continuously trying to improve OBS and finding new ways to enhance the efficiency of our users. Keeping this in mind, we are back with a new proposal for the request page. There is still a long way to go but expect to see many more updates in the coming weeks. Without further ado, here you are the work-in-progress request page redesing.
```

Reviewer 2: Improving/Enhancing the efficiency of someone sounds weird.

> ## Restructuring of the BsRequest show page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Restructuring of the Request Show Page
```

> This redesign presents different pieces of information in its container. We have broken down the single page into multiple components. Now you have information about the request divided into four parts, i.e., Overview, Build Results, Changes, and Mentioned issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This redesign presents different pieces of information. We have broken down the single page into multiple components. Now you have information about the request divided into four parts: Overview, Build Results, Changes, and Mentioned issues.
```

Reviewer 3: Not quite sure what you are trying to say with "components". That we have different tabs?

Reviewer 3: I very much like that you tell people *why* we changed it this way. Can you also do this for this section? Why did we split this into the "new" tabs?

Reviewer 3: I reworded this now...

> ## Merging comments and history

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Merging Comments and History
```

> We have now merged the comments and history elements. They are presented in chronological order as a single list. It will help users to follow the conversations and the events that happened in the requests' history.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We merged the comments and history into one chronological list. We think it will help you to follow the course of the requests' history better if they are presented together.
```

> ## Presentation of open, accepted, and declined reviews

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Presentation of Open, Accepted, and Declined Reviews
```

> We realised it wasn't easy to track the progress on the reviews. We have simplified reviews summary to present them in such a way that users understand easily about the state of the requested reviews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We realised it wasn't easy to track the progress of the reviews, so we present them in a way that helps users understand the state of the requested reviews easily.
```

Reviewer 3: users == you

> ## Making decision on the request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Making a Decision on the Request
```

---
layout: post
title: Request Page Redesign
category: development
---

> We are continuously trying to improve OBS and finding new ways to enhance the efficiency of our users. Keeping this in mind, we are back with a new proposal for the request page. There is still a long way to go but expect to see many more updates in the coming weeks. Without further ado, here you have the work-in-progress request page redesing.

Reviewer 2: Improving/Enhancing the efficiency of someone sounds weird, almost like if our users were machines. Please rephrase this.

There is also a small typo:
```suggestion
We are continuously trying to improve OBS and finding new ways to enhance the efficiency of our users. Keeping this in mind, we are back with a new proposal for the request page. There is still a long way to go but expect to see many more updates in the coming weeks. Without further ado, here you have the work-in-progress request page redesign.
```

> ## Restructuring of the Request Show Page

Reviewer 2: To be consistent with this blog post's title:
```suggestion
## Restructuring of the Request Page
```

> This redesign presents different pieces of information. We have broken down the single page into multiple tabs. Now you have information about the request divided into four parts: Overview, Build Results, Changes, and Mentioned issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This redesign presents different pieces of information. We have broken down the single page into multiple tabs. Now, you have information about the request divided into four parts: Overview, Build Results, Changes, and Mentioned Issues.
```

> We proposed this change because we want you to have clear and broader idea about the request. We think separate place for every piece of information gives you clear understanding and you don't have to scroll through the page to find something.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We proposed this change for you to have clear and broader idea about the request. We think separate place for every piece of information gives you clear understanding and you don't have to scroll through the page to find something.
```

> We proposed this change because we want users to have clear and broader idea about the request. We think separate place for every piece of information gives you clear understanding and you don't have to scroll through the page to find something.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We proposed this change for you to have clear and broader idea about the request. We think separate place for every piece of information gives you clear understanding and you don't have to scroll through the page to find something.
```

<figure>
  <img src="/images/posts/sprint-123/request-redesign.png" alt="Request Page Redesign" />
  <figcaption>Request Page Redesign</figcaption>
</figure>

## Merging Comments and History

> We merged the comments and history into one chronological list. We think it will help you to follow the course of the requests' history better if they are presented together.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We merged the comments and history into one chronological list. We think it will help you follow the course of the request's history better if they are presented together.
```

## Presentation of Open, Accepted, and Declined Reviews

> We realised it wasn't easy to track the progress of the reviews, so we present them in a way that helps you to understand the state of the requested reviews easily.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We realised it wasn't easy to track the progress of the reviews, so we present them in a way that helps you to easily understand the state of the requested reviews.
```

## Making a Decision on the Request

> We have also proposed changes on approving/declining the requests. To make a decision on a requested review, you have a clear indication for which user you want to give a review. Here are some screenshots;

Reviewer 2: It's not always going to be a user, so I would mention the various entities:
```suggestion
We have also proposed changes on approving/declining requests. To make a decision on a requested review, you have a clear indication for whom you're giving the review, being a user, a group, a project or a package. Here are some screenshots;
```

---
layout: post
title: Request Page Redesign
category: development
---

We strive to continuously improve the OBS and find new ways to provide you with a better user experience. For a while now, we have worked our way
through the OBS collaboration workflow. How do you [learn what other people have done](/2021/12/17/notifications-feature-release-for-all-users/)? How can you [pay attention to things](/2022/02/22/notifications-watchlist-packages-requests/) you are not involved in directly? How can you [learn more about the people](/2021/03/29/user-profile-redesign/) that you collaborate with?

> Now it was time to take on the the level boss, redesigning the page where nearly all of the collaboration in OBS happens: the Request page.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Now it was time to take on the the boss level, redesigning the page where nearly all of the collaboration in OBS happens: the Request page.
```
